



ZORK I: The Great Underground Empire
Infocom interactive fiction - a fantasy story
Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986 Infocom, Inc. All rights reserved.
ZORK is a registered trademark of Infocom, Inc.
Release 88 / Serial number 840726

Zork I: The Great Underground Empire
An Interactive Fiction by Infocom (translated to Inform 7)
Release 1 / Serial number 260225 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D

West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.

>West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.

>
North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.

>
Behind House
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar.

>With great effort, you open the window far enough to allow entry.

>
Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.

A bottle is sitting on the table.

On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.

[Your score has just gone up by ten points.]

>
Living Room
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room.

Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity.

A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case.

>Taken.

>Taken.

>The brass lantern is now on.

>With a great effort, the rug is moved to one side of the room, revealing the dusty cover of a closed trap door.

>The door reluctantly opens to reveal a rickety staircase descending into darkness.

>The trap door crashes shut, and you hear someone barring it.

Cellar
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable.

Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.

[Your score has just gone up by twenty-five points.]

>Are you sure you want to quit? 